now we're playing a game called
time factors I fiction and
you're going to identify whether
you think it is a five thousand
or a sci-fi action or maybe you
don't know if I don't know
either I won't claim to know
that sounds good
the days are shorter millions of
years in the past
course they're shorter yesterday
than they are today the moon is
tugging on earth rotation
slowing us down and it will do
so eternally until Earth Day
equals the lunar month at which
point earth and the moon will be
in title race next humans get a
little taller in space because
there's no gravity to wait and
down we actually get a lot
taller in space by several
inches and it's not so much you
weigh down the the discs between
your bones and they just kind of
Lucena and in fact astronauts
need different space suits
fitted for them when they go
spacewalking then when they
watch you need space suits that
are taller 4 when they've
stretched out the Great Wall of
China is the only man made
object you can see from space
first of all I you cannot see
the Great Wall China from space
unless you have liked but are
killers or a telescope or
something it's no wider than our
interstate highways in America
but no one talks about how I see
I 10 going across the United
States which would be
practically as long as the Great
Wall China would be but no one
says they see that it is a
science fiction that you could
see it all
anything with their eyes open as
possible I bet you can pry your
eyelids open and then sneeze I
don't know if your eyes will pop
out at you can pry your eyelids
open but I think it is a fact
that nobody sees as ever with
their eyes open they have to
close their eyes lightning never
strikes the same place right
false
with lightning rod for you
strike the same place so that it
doesn't have to strike a place
you don't know about Empire
State Building struck hundreds
of times a year plus they're
they're people who've been hit
by lightning more than once you
tell them leading to strike the
same place where the eff them
about have been answered that
question and we're all done I
think you got all the right that
was pretty good
yeah when I it's what you do
thank you for playing style
section